Create rule S6776: Stack-traces should not be disclosed (#4133)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6776/csharp/how-to-fix-it/asp.net.adoc

== How to fix it in ASP.NET

> Implement proper error handling by reporting customized error messages that do not contain a detailed stack trace. Log the exception stack trace if needed.

Reviewer: I might be wrong and this might be subjective, as always 😄 If you do not think this changes much, drop it

I suggest orienting this sentence in another way that starts with the why:

```suggestion
Ensure no internal data leaks to users by implementing exception handling that does not send stack traces to clients. Traces contain internal data that benefits attackers. +
The following example logs the stack trace instead.
```

Reviewer 2: I do not think we need to repeat the why here. This is what the "Why is this an issue" section is for.

Reviewer: For clarification, here I mean the "why" of the fix, not the why of "why is this an issue", that's why I start with "Ensure no internal data leaks"

Reviewer 2: I still prefer the original message. Also, "Traces contain internal data that benefits attackers." sounds much more like a "Why is this an issue." then why is this fix helping.

Reviewer: noted 👍
